Eh, listen, in high school we used to choke each other out. That's like a thing.
Peter, go ahead. Jump me off on air. No, no, no, no, no. Please don't. Please.
I'm not scared. Let's do it. No, no, no. Eddie don't. Please don't choke them.
Unconscious. Do it now. Please try. Let's go. You know what?
Touch not be pussies. Choke me out. You know what?
Let me tell you a story. Back when I used to work at the Strip club,
you only takes like 20 seconds back when that was a blue belt.
1995 I worked at the Strip club in, in um,
there was this girl I was dating. She was a bartender.
She was seriously four foot 10.
And why are the bartenders and waitresses always the special?
You can strip clubs, let them, I will. She was,
she was 92 pounds bartender,
the smallest girl spinner and I showed her how to do a rear naked choke.
She was tiny. Her name was Kimmy.
And the Strip club manager was your size big like used to be buffed butt fat
ass. Yeah, but used to be buck.
You can tell you used to be buff football player type, big manager.
And he didn't believe in Jujitsu at all. And he said,
if she choked me out with one of them Jujitsu moves,
I'll give her the keys to my corvette.
So she had to literally get on a Barstow and had to go around them and she went
like this, Eh, and he was just like this.
And then he went out, lights out.
So he hit the ground and then he pops back up
and he didn't know what the fuck happened. I was just sitting there going,
don't you [inaudible] I thought he faked it.
People usually don't hit the ground and pop back up.
Usually they hit the ground, they're done and they need an ambulance.
But he popped right back up and he's like, what happened? Like bitch,
you need to give her your core val pop right back up. It was a gold corvette.
Oh, this was a thing I didn't know about this about in seventh grade.
During lunch, some of the kids would choke each other out.
You put your hands up on their neck,
but then it'd be like the cheerleaders wanting to be choked out and they would
show us out. If all you did about three times you go to school.